README.md, before:

GitHub Copilot: Here's a sample Django Rest Framework README file:

# Project Name

This project is a tutorial on RESTful API built with Django Rest Framework. Based on this online tutorial https://learndjango.com/tutorials/official-django-rest-framework-tutorial-beginners

## Installation

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/raseniero/django-rest-framework-tutorial`
2. Create a virtual environment: `python3 -m venv .venv`
3. Activate the virtual environment: `source .venv/bin/activate`
4. Install the dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
5. Create the initial migration files: `python manage.py makemigrations snippets`
6. Run the migrations: `python manage.py migrate`
7. Start the development server: `python manage.py runserver`

## Usage

The API has the following endpoints:

- `http://127.0.0.1:8000/users/`: Endpoint 1 User
- `http://127.0.0.1:8000/snippets/`: Endpoint 2 Snippets

To access the endpoints, send HTTP requests to the corresponding URLs using a tool like `curl` or a REST client like Postman.

## Testing

To run the unit tests, use the following command: `python manage.py test`

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

added creatign user and cors support

README.md, after:

GitHub Copilot: Here's a sample Django Rest Framework README file:

# Project Name

This project is a tutorial on RESTful API built with Django Rest Framework. Based on this online tutorial.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/raseniero/django-rest-framework-tutorial`
2. Create a virtual environment: `python3 -m venv .venv`
3. Activate the virtual environment: `source .venv/bin/activate`
4. Install the dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
5. Create the initial migration files: `python manage.py makemigrations snippets`
6. Run the migrations: `python manage.py migrate`
7. Create a superuser with the following username is admin, email is admin@email.com and password is testpass123: `python manage.py createsuperuser`
8. Create a test user with the following username is testuser, email is testuser@email.com and password is testuserpass123: `python manage.py createsuperuser`
9. Start the development server: `python manage.py runserver`

## Usage

The API has the following endpoints:

- `http://127.0.0.1:8000/users/`: Endpoint 1 User
- `http://127.0.0.1:8000/snippets/`: Endpoint 2 Snippets

To access the endpoints, send HTTP requests to the corresponding URLs using a tool like `curl` or a REST client like Postman.

## References

- `https://djangoforapis.com/initial-setup/` : Django for APIs Initial Setup
- `https://learndjango.com/tutorials/official-django-rest-framework-tutorial-beginners` : Django Rest Framework Tutorial

## Testing

To run the unit tests, use the following command: `python manage.py test`

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
